Here are my some of my suggestions as ministers:
Gustav Noske (dies 1946)
Political figure in the SDP (Socialist-Democrat Party) and he recrutied the Freikorps which put down the historical Spartacist rebellion and was appointed Defense minister historically in 1919. He's be a good Minister of Security, since he organized many anti-revolutionary forces, and even almost successfully prevented the spreading of the German Naval Mutiny.

I'd make him a Crime Fighter for Minister of Security, or Compassionate Gentlemen, considering the revolts in Germany wouldn't happen in your Alternative history.


Ludwig von Reuter (dies 1943)
The last Commander of the Hochseeflotte, and commander of the Scouting Fleet during 1916, Reuter's claim to fame is the scuttling of 66 of his own ships to prevent capture by the British. He'd make a good Minister of Navy.

I'd make him a Power Projection Doctrine for Chief of Navy.


August von Mackensen (dies 1945)
Brilliant German commander in WWI, breakthrough at Gorlice-Tarnow, Crushing of Serbia, Overrunning of Romania, he later became a symbolic figurehead for the Nazis. He'd be good as a Chief of Army, perhaps even Chancellor if you stick with Wartime Heros for Chancellor.

I'd make him Decisive Battle Doctrine for Chief of Army, if you opt for Chancellor aka Head of Government, Old General.

If you make him A Field Marshal available for the player to command troops, he's defiantely Skill of 4, Offensive Doctrine, Engineer, Fortress Buster and Old Guard (by 1936 standards perhaps, although he was progressive in the First World War).


Paul von Lettow-Vorbeck (dies 1964)
One of the hero-generals, I'm sure you already have him, he'd make a superb choice for Chancellor if you stick with war-heros for Chancellor, or a solid choice for Chief of Army / Chief of Staff. He'd also make a good Minister and perhaps Commander for the German African Puppet State, perhaps even Head of State,eh? I'll list all possibilities for him:

For Chief of Army, Guns and Butter Doctrine
For Chief of Staff, School of Psychology
For Head of State, Resigned Generalissamo or Benevolent Gentlemen
For Head of Government, Old General

If you make Lettow-Vorbeck a Field Marshal or something available for the player as commander, he'd be Logistics Wizard, Trickster, Defensive Doctrine, and Offensive Doctrine. I wouldn't make him Old Guard though since he was a brilliant guerilla commander, doesn't strike me as "Old Guard" - ish, but its up to you.

Kurt von Schleicher (historically murdered by SA in 1934) [
"Kurt von Schleicher (4 April 1882–30 June 1934) was a German general and the last Chancellor of Germany during the era of the Weimar Republic.

During the 1920s, Schleicher moved up steadily in the Reichswehr, or army, becoming the primary liaison between the army and civilian government officials. He generally preferred to operate behind the scenes, planting stories in friendly newspapers and relying on a casual network of informers to find out what other government departments were planning. In this capacity, he headed up the Ministeramt or Office of the Ministerial Affairs. Although essentially a Prussian authoritarian in his views on order, discipline and the so-called decadence of the Weimar era, Schleicher also believed that the Army had a social function, that of an institution unifying the diverse elements in society. Interestingly, he was also opposed to policies such as Eastern Aid (Osthilfe) for the bankrupt East Elbian estates of his fellow Junkers. In economic policy, therefore, he was a relative moderate."

Good canidate for Security Minister, or Chancellor even.

Chief of Security [Silent Lawyer]
Chancellor [Silent Workhorse]


Wilhelm Souchon (dies 1946) [Open Seas Doctrine]
Former Admiral of the Mediterranean Squadron, he died in 1946, he'd make either a good Chief of Navy for Germany or Ottomans, and/or a Grand Admiral for the German Fleet.


Otto von Below (dies 1944) [Decisive Battle Doctrine]
Infamous German commander at Caporetto, and also served with distinction both on the Eastern and Western Fronts, assuming Germany won in 1918, then his assault towards Arras probably would have achieved unlike historically and the British line unhinged. Good canidate for Chief of the Army.


Wilhelm Groener (dies 1939)
German Military administrator of railroads and confidant of Ludendorff, the straightforward Groener would make a good Industrial Minister or Chief of Staff.

Chief of Staff [School of Psychology]
Industrial Minister [Military Entrepreneur]



Albert Einstein: Well he can be made a Theoretical Scientist or maybe a foreign minister as a Great Compromiser or Ideological Crusader. His Ideology could be social demoract.


Walther von Rathenau: I think since Germany won WWI he wouldn't be assianated be the rascist Freikorps member and would be a leading figure in german politics. Though he would die sometimes between the 1930s and in early 1940 since he was born in 1867. He could be an Administrative Genius or an Resource Industrialist.


Karl Liebknecht: He was one of the leading figure in the german communist movement, but was assassinated in 1919. He would be a perfect german syndicalist. He could be a Die-hard Reformer as HoS, an Ambitious Union Boss as HoG and Ideological Crusader as foreign minister.


Rosa Luxemburg: She was one of the most or the most important leader of early german communist movement. She could be made as HoS Benevolent Gentleman and again Ideological Crusader as foreign minister. Also maybe (Wo)Man of the People as minister of securtiy. She was by birth Polish so Luxemburg could have much influence in Poland and Lithuania or even in all german controlled eastern europe and possibly austria since she wouldn't be murdered. Maybe she could act as a rallying point for the syndicalist movement in these nations. Could get some very intresting events. 